{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2 System;}
{\f3\fmodern\fprq1 Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl\red0\green0\blue0;}
\deflang1033\pard\margl720\margr360\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200
\plain\f3\fs18
DUPLICATE ENTRY IN HEAT REPORT\par
None to report\par
\par
DUPLICATE ENTRY IN COMPETITION REPORT\par
None to report\par
\par
DUPLICATE COMPETITION REPORT\par
Duplicate competition: Heat 611: A-JV Bronze BALLROOM Tango\par
                       and: Heat 611: A-JV Bronze BALLROOM Tango\par
Duplicate competition: Heat 612: A-JV Bronze BALLROOM Quickstep\par
                       and: Heat 612: A-JV Bronze BALLROOM Quickstep\par
Duplicate competition: Heat 621: A-JV Bronze BALLROOM Viennese Waltz\par
                       and: Heat 621: A-JV Bronze BALLROOM Viennese Waltz\par
Duplicate competition: Heat 622: A-JV Bronze BALLROOM Foxtrot\par
                       and: Heat 622: A-JV Bronze BALLROOM Foxtrot\par
Duplicate competition: Heat 634: A-15- BALLROOM Bronze (W/T/Q)\par
                       and: Heat 634: A-15- BALLROOM Bronze (W/T/Q)\par
Duplicate competition: Heat 636: A-15- BALLROOM Ouvert/Open (W/T/VW/F/Q)\par
                       and: Heat 636: A-15- BALLROOM Ouvert/Open (W/T/VW/F/Q)\par
Duplicate competition: Heat 720: A-15- LATIN Bronze (C/R/S)\par
                       and: Heat 720: A-15- LATIN Bronze (C/R/S)\par
Duplicate competition: Heat 722: A-15- LATIN Ouvert/Open (C/S/R/P/J)\par
                       and: Heat 722: A-15- LATIN Ouvert/Open (C/S/R/P/J)\par
\par
REPORT SCORING METHOD PROBLEM\par
None to report\par
\par
REPORT TOO MANY ON FLOOR\par
In Heat 304  BALLROOM  3-Danses / 3-Dance (W/T/F), 9 entrants on floor A exceeds maximum of 8\par
In Heat 580  Ouvert / Open SMOOTH  Schol. Champ. Canadien / Canadian Champ. (W/T/F/VW), 9 entrants on floor A exceeds maximum of 8\par
In Heat 634  MIX-AM BALLROOM  Challenge (W/T/Q), 9 entrants on floor A exceeds maximum of 8\par
In Heat 647  Pre-Comp.  (W/T), 9 entrants on floor A exceeds maximum of 8\par
In Heat 649  Pre-Comp.  (C/R), 9 entrants on floor A exceeds maximum of 8\par
In Heat 654  Pre-Comp.  (W/T), 9 entrants on floor A exceeds maximum of 8\par
In Heat 655  Pre-Comp.  (C/J), 9 entrants on floor A exceeds maximum of 8\par
In Heat 699  MIX-AM LATIN  Jive, 9 entrants on floor A exceeds maximum of 8\par
\par
REPORT WRONG NUMBER OF ROUNDS\par
Competition Heat 676: AC-15- Pre-Bronze & Bronze LATIN Challenge (C/R/S) with 15 entrants has 2 rounds. Should it be 3 rounds?\par
Competition Heat 680: A-A Bronze LATIN Rumba with 14 entrants has 2 rounds. Should it be 3 rounds?\par
Competition Heat 681: A-A Bronze LATIN Samba with 14 entrants has 2 rounds. Should it be 3 rounds?\par
Competition Heat 723: G-15- Déb. à Bronze / Beg. to Bronze MIX-AM LATIN  Challenge (C/R/S) with 8 entrants has 1 rounds. Should it be 2 rounds?\par
\par
REPORT GAPS IN HEAT NUMBERS\par
Heat number 727 at line 7631 not sequential, previous number was 727\par
\par
}
